-------------  Media Queries שינוי הגדורת עיצוב לפי גודל המסך באמצעות -------------

@media (min-width: 700px) {
    body {
        background: pink;
    }
}

@media (max-width: 700px) {
    body {
        background: pink;
    }
}

@media only screen and (min-width: 600px) {

}

@media (orientation:portrait) {עומד}
@media (orientation:landscape) {שוכב}

---------------------------        flex       -------------------------------
justify-content:
- flex-start: Items align to the left side of the container.
- flex-end: Items align to the right side of the container.
- center: Items align at the center of the container.
- space-between: Items display with equal spacing between them.
- space-around: Items display with equal spacing around them.

align-items:
- flex-start: Items align to the top of the container.
- flex-end: Items align to the bottom of the container.
- center: Items align at the vertical center of the container.
- baseline: Items display at the baseline of the container.
- stretch: Items are stretched to fit the container.

flex-direction:
- row: Items are placed the same as the text direction.
- row-reverse: Items are placed opposite to the text direction.
- column: Items are placed top to bottom.
- column-reverse: Items are placed bottom to top.

order:
- positive or negative integer value (-2, -1, 0, 1, 2).

align-self: 
- the same values as align-items and overriding the align-items value.


Oh no! The frogs are all squeezed onto a single row of lilypads.
flex-wrap:
- nowrap: Every item is fit to a single line.
- wrap: Items wrap around to additional lines.
- wrap-reverse: Items wrap around to additional lines in reverse.


The two properties flex-direction and flex-wrap are used so often together that the shorthand property flex-flow:
- flex-flow: flex-direction  flex-wrap
- flex-flow: row wrap


align-content: 
- flex-start: Lines are packed at the top of the container.
- flex-end: Lines are packed at the bottom of the container.
- center: Lines are packed at the vertical center of the container.
- space-between: Lines display with equal spacing between them.
- space-around: Lines display with equal spacing around them.
- stretch: Lines are stretched to fit the container.

This can be confusing, but ----align-content--- determines the spacing between lines, while   ---align-items---   determines how the items as a whole are aligned within the container. When there is only one line, align-content has no effect.

--------------  grid  ---------------
#garden {
  display: grid;
  grid-template-columns: 20% 20% 20% 20% 20%;
  grid-template-rows: 20% 20% 20% 20% 20%;
}

#water {
    grid-column-start:3
    grid-column-end:4
}

grid-template-columns:
- grid-template-columns: 20% 20% 20% 20% 20%;
- grid-template-columns:repeat(8,1fr);
- grid-template-columns:repeat(5,100px 3em 40%);
- grid-template-columns:1fr 5fr;
- grid-template-columns:50px 1fr 1fr 1fr 50px;
- grid-template-columns:75px 3fr 2fr;

grid-template-rows:
- grid-template-rows: 20% 20% 20% 20% 20%;
- grid-template-rows: repeat(4,12.5px) calc(100% - 50px)

grid-template: 
- grid-template: grid-template-rows/grid-template-columns.
- grid-template:60% 40%/ 200px calc(100% - 200px)

grid-column-start:
- grid-column-start:3

grid-column-end:
- grid-column-end: 4
- grid-column-end: span 2

grid-row-start:
- grid-row-start:3

grid-row-end:
- grid-row-end: 4 
- grid-row-end: span 2

grid-column:
- grid-column:4/6
- grid-column: 4/span 2

grid-row:
- grid-row:4/6
- grid-row: 4/span 2

grid-area:
- grid-area:1/2/4/6 (x,y) (x,y)
- grid-area: grid-row-start/grid-column-start/grid-row-end/grid-column-end.

order:
- positive or negative integer value (-2, -1, 0, 1, 2).

 display: grid;
    grid-template-areas: "h1  h1  h1"
                         "h2  h2  h2" 
                         "nav nav nav"
                         "txt txt txt"
                         "bq  bq  bq";
    grid-area: h1;


-----------------------------------  Overflow  ---------------------------------
clip-path: polygon(50% 0%, 83% 12%, 100% 43%, 94% 78%, 68% 100%, 32% 100%, 6% 78%, 0% 43%, 17% 12%);

&lt - <
&gt - >

overflow:hidden;
overflow:auto;
overflow:scroll;

-----------------------------------  Position  ---------------------------------
position:relative; - עוגן , כל דבר בתוכו נוכל לשלוט במיקום שלו
position:absolute; - לילדים שלו
top , buttom , right , left - מיקום לילדים

<label>
    <span class="label-text">Name</span>
    <input placeholder="Name..." type="text" />
</label>

label {
  position:relative;
}

.label-text {
  position:absolute;
}